Update EIP template: Add acceptable placeholders (#5576)
ethereum/EIPs: eip-template.md

---
title: <The EIP title is a few words, not a complete sentence>
description: <Description is one full (short) sentence>
author: <a comma separated list of the author's or authors' name + GitHub username (in parenthesis), or name and email (in angle brackets).  Example, FirstName LastName (@GitHubUsername), FirstName LastName <foo@bar.com>, FirstName (@GitHubUsername) and GitHubUsername (@GitHubUsername)>
discussions-to: <URL>
status: Draft
type: <Standards Track, Meta, or Informational>

> category: <Core, Networking, Interface, or ERC> # Only required for Standards Track. Otherwise, remove this field.

Reviewer: Great. I like this change, this is so much less error-prone.

created: <date created on, in ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) format>

> requires: <EIP number(s)> # Only required when you reference an EIP in the Specification. Otherwise, remove this field.

Reviewer: That makes sense.

> requires: <EIP number(s)> # Only required when you reference an EIP in the Specification. Otherwise, remove this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requires: <EIP number(s)> # Only required when you reference an EIP in the `Specification` section. Otherwise, remove this field.
```

---

> <!-- READ EIP-1 BEFORE USING THIS TEMPLATE! -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- READ [EIP-1](EIPs/eip-1.md) BEFORE USING THIS TEMPLATE! -->
```

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- READ EIP-1 BEFORE USING THIS TEMPLATE! https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1 -->
```

<!-- This is the suggested template for new EIPs. After you have filled in the requisite fields, please delete these comments. -->

> <!-- Note that an EIP number will be assigned by an editor. When opening a pull request to submit your EIP, please use an abbreviated title in the filename, `eip-draft_title_abbrev.md`. -->

Reviewer: If we want to enforce the number assignment, I'd suggest the first comment to not contain any change suggestion other than change filename. I've run into many times when I propose `eip-some-feature.md` then feedback were given under this file, but when I change file name from `eip-some-feature.md` to `eip-1234.md`, the suggested changes no longer apply.

Author: Good feedback - I personally would be a fan of an "@eth-bot assign" command here to avoid that very issue.

Author: Not sure how to get around this though - send ideas here.

Reviewer: No good idea yet.

<!-- The title should be 44 characters or less. It should not repeat the EIP number in title, irrespective of the category. -->

## Abstract

<!-- Abstract is a multi-sentence (short paragraph) technical summary. This should be a very terse and human-readable version of the specification section. Someone should be able to read only the abstract to get the gist of what this specification does. -->

## Specification

The key words “MUST”, “MUST NOT”, “REQUIRED”, “SHALL”, “SHALL NOT”, “SHOULD”, “SHOULD NOT”, “RECOMMENDED”, “MAY”, and “OPTIONAL” in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119.

> <!-- The technical specification should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature. The specification should be detailed enough to allow competing, interoperable implementations for any of the current Ethereum platforms (go-ethereum, parity, cpp-ethereum, ethereumj, ethereumjs, and others). -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- The technical specification should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature. The specification should be detailed enough to allow competing, interoperable implementations for any of the current Ethereum platforms (go-ethereum, parity, cpp-ethereum, ethereumj, ethereumjs, and others).  TODO remove this comment before merging-->
```

I added this line to allow linter to detect something like`TODO remove this` so authors can signal that they've complete their first pass drafting

Author: Done.

---

This is the suggested template for new EIPs.
<!--
  READ EIP-1 (https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1) BEFORE USING THIS TEMPLATE!

Note that an EIP number will be assigned by an editor. When opening a pull request to submit your EIP, please use an abbreviated title in the filename, `eip-draft_title_abbrev.md`.
  This is the suggested template for new EIPs. After you have filled in the requisite fields, please delete these comments.

The title should be 44 characters or less. It should not repeat the EIP number in title, irrespective of the category. 
  Note that an EIP number will be assigned by an editor. When opening a pull request to submit your EIP, please use an abbreviated title in the filename, `eip-draft_title_abbrev.md`.

  The title should be 44 characters or less. It should not repeat the EIP number in title, irrespective of the category.
  
  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->

## Abstract
Abstract is a multi-sentence (short paragraph) technical summary. This should be a very terse and human-readable version of the specification section. Someone should be able to read only the abstract to get the gist of what this specification does.

> ## Motivation

Reviewer 2: Why not include the Motivation section? Most EIPs should have one, right?

Author: Most people give a long history of why an EIP is needed. Yes, most EIPs should have a Motivation section, but I think that most of them should be written after being merged as a Draft and before being moved to Review, after they get the hang of the process a bit.

  The current placeholder is acceptable for a draft.
  
  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->

TBD

## Backwards Compatibility
All EIPs that introduce backwards incompatibilities must include a section describing these incompatibilities and their severity. The EIP must explain how the author proposes to deal with these incompatibilities. EIP submissions without a sufficient backwards compatibility treatise may be rejected outright.

## Test Cases
Test cases for an implementation are mandatory for EIPs that are affecting consensus changes.  If the test suite is too large to reasonably be included inline, then consider adding it as one or more files in `../assets/eip-####/`.
<!--
  All EIPs that introduce backwards incompatibilities must include a section describing these incompatibilities and their severity. The EIP must explain how the author proposes to deal with these incompatibilities. EIP submissions without a sufficient backwards compatibility treatise may be rejected outright.

  The current placeholder is acceptable for a draft.
  
  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->

> ## Reference Implementation

Reviewer 2: Hm, I think we should probably keep the reference implementation in. It isn't mentioned anywhere else in the template, so the discoverability is low.

Author: Again, people tend to focus on these non-normative sections, often at the cost of the Specification and Abstract sections. This should probably be made sometime in the Review process since it is *expected* that the spec will change during Draft, and updating reference implementations is a tricky process, especially when you have a humongous one like some people insist on doing.

  
  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "NOT RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119 and RFC 8174.

## Rationale

<!--
  The rationale fleshes out the specification by describing what motivated the design and why particular design decisions were made. It should describe alternate designs that were considered and related work, e.g. how the feature is supported in other languages.

  The current placeholder is acceptable for a draft.
  
  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->

TBD

## Backwards Compatibility

<!--
  All EIPs that introduce backwards incompatibilities must include a section describing these incompatibilities and their severity. The EIP must explain how the author proposes to deal with these incompatibilities. EIP submissions without a sufficient backwards compatibility treatise may be rejected outright.

  The current placeholder is acceptable for a draft.
  
  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->

No backward compatibility issues found.

## Test Cases

<!--

>   This section is optional. If this is your first time drafting an EIP, it is recommended not to include test cases until you are familiar with EIP-1, as mistakes will delay your draft being merged. If the test suite is too large to reasonably be included inline, then it is probably too big.
> 
>   The test cases do not need to be executable. Expected input/output pairs are sufficient, and are less likely to block your EIP.
>   
>   With a few exceptions, external links are not allowed.

Author: ```suggestion
  This section is optional for non-Core EIPs.
  The Test Cases section should include expected input/output pairs, but may include a succinct set of executable tests. It should not include project build files. No new requirements may be be introduced here (meaning an implementation following only the Specification section should pass all tests here.)
  If the test suite is too large to reasonably be included inline, then consider adding it as one or more files in `../assets/eip-####/`. External links will not be allowed
```

  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->
  
## Reference Implementation

<!--

>   This section is optional. If this is your first time drafting an EIP, it is recommended not to include a reference implementation until you are familiar with EIP-1, as mistakes will delay your draft being merged. If the reference implementation is too large to reasonably be included inline, then it is probably too big.
>   
>   With a few exceptions, external links are not allowed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This section is optional.

  The Reference Implementation section should include a minimal implementation that assists in understanding or implementing this specification. It should not include project build files. The reference implementation is not a replacement for the Specification section, and the proposal should still be understandable without it.

  If the reference implementation is too large to reasonably be included inline, then consider adding it as one or more files in `../assets/eip-####/`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
  This section is optional.
  The Reference Implementation section should include a minimal implementation that assists in understanding or implementing this specification. It should not include project build files. The reference implementation is not a replacement for the Specification section, and the proposal should still be understandable without it.
  If the reference implementation is too large to reasonably be included inline, then consider adding it as one or more files in `../assets/eip-####/`. External links will not be allowed.
```

  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->

## Security Considerations

<!--

>   All EIPs must contain a section that discusses the security implications/considerations relevant to the proposed change. Include information that might be important for security discussions, surfaces risks and can be used throughout the life cycle of the proposal. E.g. include security-relevant design decisions, concerns, important discussions, implementation-specific guidance and pitfalls, an outline of threats and risks and how they are being addressed. EIP submissions missing the "Security Considerations" section will be rejected. An EIP cannot proceed to status "Final" without a Security Considerations discussion deemed sufficient by the reviewers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  All EIPs must contain a section that discusses the security implications/considerations relevant to the proposed change. Include information that might be important for security discussions, surfaces risks and can be used throughout the life cycle of the proposal. For example, include security-relevant design decisions, concerns, important discussions, implementation-specific guidance and pitfalls, an outline of threats and risks and how they are being addressed. EIP submissions missing the "Security Considerations" section will be rejected. An EIP cannot proceed to status "Final" without a Security Considerations discussion deemed sufficient by the reviewers.
```
